COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements Deadline: NOVEMBER 1 Columbia QuestBridge Questionnaire: After Columbia has received your National College Match Application, Columbia will send you information about completing the Columbia QuestBridge Questionnaire. You can review information about the Columbia-Specific Questions on the Columbia website. Official Transcript(s): Columbia requires an official high school transcript from all high schools attended. Transcripts should be submitted by your high school counselor or school official as part of your National College Match application. If the transcript submitted as part of your National College Match application was not submitted by a school official, please have a school official submit a transcript directly to Columbia. Transcripts submitted by a student are not considered official. Letters of Recommendation: Recommendations must come from teachers who taught you in academic disciplines. For engineering applicants, one of your two recommendations must come from a Math or Science teacher. Additional recommendation letters may be sent by a school official to ugrad-confirm@columbia.edu. (Optional) Test Scores   Self-Reported: Columbia is test-optional for applicants to Columbia College or Columbia Engineering. Learn more about Columbia’s test-optional policy. Students who rank Columbia can indicate which, if any, scores they would like considered in Columbia’s review of their application. For students who would like to submit test scores, Columbia accepts self-reported test scores, scores reported on official transcripts, or scores verified through counselors. Official scores will be required for students who enroll at Columbia and request that their scores be considered for admission. CSS Code: 2116 2024-2025 CSS Profile: Please Select "Regular Decision" as your admission application type. 2022 Federal Tax Returns and Forms: Both the custodial and non-custodial parent must submit copies of their 2022 federal tax returns signed, with all schedules, attachments, W-2 forms and other earning statements. Include personal and corporate/ partnership tax returns. Submit via the IDOC system. FAFSA Code: 002707 2024-2025 FAFSA: The FAFSA will not be available until at least December 2023. Please complete the FAFSA as soon as it is available and submit it directly to Columbia.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY Application Info Post-Match Options Early Decision: Finalists who participated in and ranked Columbia University for the Match, submitted all required application materials, AND did not match at any partner schools may request to be considered as an Early Decision applicant to Columbia.  Regular Decision: All Finalists who rank Columbia for the Match, but did not match to a binding college will automatically have their applications moved into the Regular Decision process. You will not be able to start a new application or make changes to an application that has already been submitted. 
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Tuition: $68,400 Room & Board: $16,800 Books and Personal: $3,742 Travel: Varies Required Fees: $645 Total: $89,587
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Grants: $86,497 Student Employment: $3,090 Student Summer Work Contribution: $0 Parent Contribution: $0 Student Savings: Varies Student Loan: $0 Total: $89,587
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY Academic Highlights Students can choose from over 100 undergraduate programs of study in the two undergraduate colleges at Columbia: Columbia College and Columbia Engineering. The student-to-faculty ratio is 6:1. Over 60% of classes offered to undergraduates have fewer than 20 students. Columbia offers various special joint degree programs: Combined Plan Program with Columbia Engineering, Columbia Juilliard Program, International Affairs Five-Year Program, Public Policy and Administration Five-Year Program. Students have the opportunity to get involved in cutting-edge research through programs such as the Summer Undergraduate Research Fellow (SURF) Program and the Student Research Program. Preprofessional Advising assists students interested in attending professional schools such as law, medicine and public health. The Center for Career Education assists students in finding jobs and internships in New York City and around the world, annually posting more than 71,000 positions on our LionSHARE online database. The Center for Undergraduate Global Engagement assists students in studying or interning abroad at over 100 approved programs on all seven continents. 
