DARTMOUTH COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Deadline: NOVEMBER 1 Dartmouth Writing Supplement and QuestBridge Addendum: After your QuestBridge Application has been forwarded to Dartmouth, you will receive instructions via email to access the Dartmouth Application Portal. Once you have access to the Application Portal, complete the Dartmouth Writing Supplement and QuestBridge Addendum located within this portal. The specific questions in the supplement can be found in advance on the Dartmouth website. Official Transcript(s): Additional transcripts are not required for consideration in the Match, but Dartmouth welcomes quarter grades or midterm grades if available in November. All applicants, including those who match with Dartmouth, must submit the QuestBridge Midyear Report when first semester or trimester senior grades become available. This is typically in January or February. School counselors should email these updates to the Dartmouth Admissions Office (see Contact Information below). SAT Code: 3351 ACT Code: 2508 (Optional) Test Scores  Official Reports: Dartmouth College is test optional for applicants to the Class of 2028. If a student has taken standardized testing, we encourage the student to submit scores regardless of how they may compare to scores on historical Dartmouth class profiles. CSS Code: 3351 2024-2025 CSS Profile: Please select Regular Decision as your admission application type. 2022 Federal Tax Returns and Forms for Custodial and Non-Custodial Parent (if applicable): A copy of your parents' 2022 Federal Income Tax Returns to IDOC: once you complete the CSS Profile you will receive an IDOC ID which will allow you to upload tax documents to the College Board Institutional Documentation Service (IDOC). 2024-2025 FAFSA FAFSA code: 002573: The FAFSA will not be available until at least December 2023. Please complete the FAFSA as soon as it is available and submit it directly to Dartmouth.
DARTMOUTH COLLEGE Application Info Post-Match Options Early Decision: If Dartmouth is your definitive first choice, you may roll your QuestBridge application into our Early Decision pool. With this process, you agree that if admitted you will enroll at Dartmouth and withdraw any applications you may have submitted to other institutions. If you wish to take advantage of this option, please make sure the following materials are completed in the Dartmouth Application Portal by Wednesday, December 6: Regular Decision: All Finalists who ranked Dartmouth for the Match but did not match to a binding college will automatically have their applications moved into the Regular Decision process. Once your QuestBridge application has been submitted to Dartmouth, it is not possible to switch to Common App. However, if you’d like to submit a correction, or a new essay, you may do so by uploading additional materials via your Application Portal. If you have not already completed the Dartmouth Writing Supplement and QuestBridge Addendum, you should do so in your Dartmouth Application Portal. You are also encouraged to invite a peer to complete a Peer Recommendation on your behalf. Instructions to submit the Peer Recommendation are available in the Dartmouth Application Portal. Additional materials will be reviewed so that the latest, most accurate information will be considered when reviewing your application.
DARTMOUTH COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Tuition: $63,684 Housing & Food: $19,009 Books & Supplies: $1,005 Travel: TBD Personal: $2,040 Health Insurance: $4,163 Required Fees: $2,055 Total: $91,956
DARTMOUTH COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Grants: $88,506 Federal Work-Study: $2,450 Student Summer Work Contribution: $1,000 Parent Contribution: $0 Student Savings: 20% of assets Student Loan: $0 Total: $91,956
DARTMOUTH COLLEGE Academic Highlights Dartmouth offers close to 70 majors and minors and 11 interdisciplinary programs in areas as diverse as medicine, the arts, engineering, and business, as well as opportunities to self-design majors, empowering you to build the academic program that excites you intellectually. Dartmouth is a unique fusion of a renowned liberal arts college and leading research university where students and faculty partner to take on the world's greatest challenges. Consistently recognized for faculty at the forefront of their fields who also work closely with undergraduates--both in the classroom and through independent study and research--Dartmouth offers you a rare opportunity to pursue your studies as far as your aspirations can take them. The liberal arts are at Dartmouth's core. Regardless of major, we encourage all students to explore the social sciences, natural sciences, arts, humanities and more.  Dartmouth's mission is to develop lifelong learners and leaders, recognizing that to lead in the 21st century one must constantly be questioning, learning, and forging ahead into the unknown. Dartmouth's liberal arts program is built to prepare you for the rapid pace, complexity, and global interconnectivity of our times.  At Dartmouth, you'll have access to scholars who love to teach, faculty who are leaders in their fields, and devoted teachers and mentors.  Dartmouth's student-to-faculty ratio is 7:1--you'll have small classes and the opportunity to work one-on-one with your professors.  More than half of Dartmouth undergraduates take advantage of at least one off-campus study experience before graduation. You can choose from over 75 Dartmouth-sponsored programs that range from Linguistics in New Zealand to Environmental Studies in South Africa. Also, your financial aid travels with you if you study abroad through a Dartmouth program. 
