DAVIDSON COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Deadline: NOVEMBER 1 Supplemental Admissions Form: For details, visit this link. Official Transcript(s): Email or mail to the Admission Office (see Contact Information below). SAT Code: 5150 ACT Code: 3086 (Optional) Test Scores  Self-Reported or Official Reports: Davidson is test-optional for the SAT or the ACT. Learn more about Davidon's test-optional policy. Peer Recommendation: For details, visit this link. CSS Code: 5150 2024-2025 CSS Profile: Please select “Early Decision” or "Regular Decision" as your admission application type. Additional Financial Aid Materials as Requested by Davidson: Davidson College may request additional financial materials from you on a case-by-case basis. Additional information may be requested by the Office of Financial Aid as files are reviewed. FAFSA Code: 002918 2024-2025 FAFSA: The FAFSA will not be available until at least December 2023. Please complete the FAFSA as soon as it is available and submit it directly to Davidson.
DAVIDSON COLLEGE Application Info Post-Match Options Early Decision: Finalists who do not match may apply Early Decision to Davidson through Early Decision II. Interested applicants must submit the Early Decision Contract by January 5 to be considered. Regular Decision: All Finalists who rank Davidson for the Match, but did not match to a binding college will automatically have their applications moved into the Regular Decision process (unless you opt to apply Early Decision). Please submit your Midyear Report and any relevant updates.
DAVIDSON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Tuition: $60,050 Room & Board: $16,400 Books & Supplies: $1,000 Travel: $450 Personal: $1,325 Health Insurance: See Below Required Fees: $790 Total: $80,015
DAVIDSON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Grants: $77,015 Federal Work-Study: $3,000 Student Summer Work Contribution: $0 Parent Contribution: $0 Student Savings: $0 Student Loan: $0 Total: $80,015
DAVIDSON COLLEGE Academic Highlights Students can choose from a variety of majors and can also pursue minors and interdisciplinary minors to complement their majors. Through the Davidson Research Initiative (DRI), students can participate in collaborative research projects between faculty and students during the summer. For students interested in entrepreneurialism and innovation, the Hurt Hub@Davidson connects entrepreneurs, companies, community partners, and Davidson College in a world-class collaborative space. The Center for Career Development meets with over 80% of all students each year to help craft resumes, network with Davidson alumni, and secure internship and job opportunities for students. 91% of students participate in a least one internship or supervised research experience and 65% participate in 2 or more Grants to cover the cost of unpaid or low-paying summer experiences average over $3,300 per grant The pre-med and pre-law programs assist students in realizing their goals in the health and legal professions.   Over 80% of students study, live, work or travel abroad.
