DUKE UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements Deadline: NOVEMBER 1 Duke University QuestBridge Questionnaire: After your QuestBridge Application has been forwarded to Duke, you will receive instructions on accessing your Duke Admissions Portal. Please note that you should not complete a Common or Coalition Application. Once you have accessed your portal, complete the required Duke QuestBridge Questionnaire. The questionnaire will ask you to identify up to three Duke majors that interest you, and to reflect on your academic interests and your interest in Duke. The specific questions can be found here. Test Scores (Optional for 2023-24 admissions cycle): Duke University will be test-optional for first-year applicants in the 2023-24 admissions cycle. CSS Code: 5156 2024-2025 CSS Profile: Please select "Regular Decision" as your admission application type. FAFSA Code: 002920 2024-2025 FAFSA: The FAFSA will not be available until at least December 2023. Please complete the FAFSA as soon as it is available and submit it directly to Duke.
DUKE UNIVERSITY Application Info Post-Match Options Early Decision: Students who rank Duke for the Match may not apply Early Decision to Duke. Regular Decision: All Finalists who rank Duke for the Match will automatically have their applications moved into the Regular Decision process. Please submit updated transcripts and any new information. If you no longer wish to be considered, you must request that your application be withdrawn by writing to undergrad-admissions@duke.edu.
DUKE UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Tuition & Fees: $66,172 Room & Board: $19,066 Books & Supplies: $536 Travel: Varies Personal: $3,274 Health Insurance: $3,282.12 Total Estimated Cost of Attendance
: $92,330.12
DUKE UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Grants: $87,940.12 Federal Work-Study: $2,200 Student Contribution: $2,190 Parent Contribution: $0 Student Savings: $0 Student Loan: $0 Total
: $92,330.12
DUKE UNIVERSITY Academic Highlights Two undergraduate paths are offered: the Trinity School of Arts and Sciences or the Pratt School of Engineering. All undergraduates participate in research during their time at Duke, and 53% of undergraduates will participate in an additional faculty research study. 83% of students go beyond their major to earn at least another major, minor, or certificate. Pratt School of Engineering recently opened its newest space, Wilkinson Building, for interdisciplinary collaboration with three research neighborhoods focused on advances in health, computing, and the environment. In Fall 2022 Duke launched two new minors: Asian American and Diaspora Studies as well as Inequality Studies. DukeEngage provides funding for students who wish to pursue an immersive, 8-week service experience by meeting a community need locally, domestically, or internationally. Students participate in civic engagement activities such as environmental advocacy, global health, social justice, and education. Duke’s Innovation Co-Lab is a creativity incubator that uses new and emerging technologies to reshape the research, academic and service missions of the university.
