EMORY UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements Deadline: NOVEMBER 1 Official Transcript(s): All transcripts must be submitted directly to Emory Office of Admission by your high school guidance counselor or a high school administrator. They may email your official transcripts to admission@emory.edu or upload via Slate.org. SAT Code: 5187 ACT Code: 0810 (Optional) Test Scores   Self-Reported or Official Reports: Emory University is test optional, meaning students can apply without submitting their SAT or ACT score(s) in the 2023-2024 academic year. Learn more about Emory’s test-optional policy. Students who rank Emory University can indicate which, if any, scores they would like considered in Emory’s review of their application. CSS Code: 5187 2024-2025 CSS Profile: Please select “Early Decision 1” as your admission application type. This does not mean you are applying Early Decision 1, but it allows the Office of Financial Aid to process your financial aid paperwork quickly and in time for the Match. 2022 Federal Tax Returns and Forms for Custodial and Non-Custodial Parent (if applicable): Once you complete the CSS Profile, you will be given instructions on how to submit your parents’ federal tax returns through the CollegeBoard IDOC service. Please include all schedules, attachments, W-2 forms and other earnings and/or year-end benefit statements. Please include personal and business returns if applicable. FAFSA Code: 001564 2024-2025 FAFSA: The FAFSA will not be available until at least December 2023. Please complete the FAFSA as soon as it is available and submit it directly to Emory.
EMORY UNIVERSITY Application Info Post-Match Options Early Decision, Emory Scholars: Finalists who do not match who elect to forward their QuestBridge application to Emory in December are automatically considered under the Regular Decision admission plan. They are considered for competitive merit awards, all need-based financial aid awards offered by Emory University, and will learn of their admission decision by April 1. Students do not need to submit any additional documents but should continue to monitor their Emory applicant portal. Admission plan changes to Early Decision II can be made through the Application Change Form by the January 1 deadline. Regular Decision: Finalists who rank Emory but did not match will be considered for admission to both first-year classes of Emory University - Emory College of Arts and Sciences (in Atlanta) and Oxford College (in Oxford, GA, 38 miles east of the city) through Regular Decision. 
EMORY UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Tuition: $59,920 Housing & Food: $18,972 Books & Supplies: $1,250 Travel: $1,056 Personal: $1,570 Health Insurance: See below Required Fees: $934 Total: $83,702
EMORY UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Grants: $78,702 Federal Work-Study: $2,500 Student Summer Work Contribution: $2,500 Parent Contribution: $0 Student Loan: $0 Total: $83,702
EMORY UNIVERSITY Academic Highlights All Finalists that rank Emory University will be given the opportunity to choose if they want to start at Emory College (Atlanta campus) or Oxford College (Oxford campus).
