GRINNELL COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Deadline: NOVEMBER 1 Official Transcript(s): A guidance counselor or registrar must send a copy of your official transcript via mail, fax, or email (see Contact Information below). SAT Code: 6252 ACT Code: 1318 (Optional) Test Scores  Official Reports: Grinnell College is test optional for students applying for admission. Grinnell College will now accept self-reported or unofficial scores for the application process only. Admitted students who asked to have their scores considered, are admitted, and commit to Grinnell College must submit “official” test scores after May 1. If students self-report scores, after they are admitted and commit to Grinnell College, they must submit official test scores. Official test scores can be sent by the College Board and/or ACT. Students may also have a guidance counselor or school registrar send a copy of the scores directly to us via mail, fax, or email (see Contact Information below). All applicants, regardless of application round, must indicate intentions regarding test scores by filling out the “Test Optional Choice Form,” in your personal student portal which you will receive access to after your application is submitted. CSS Code: 6252 2024-2025 CSS Profile: Please select "Regular Decision" as your admission application type. 2022 Federal Tax Returns and Forms for Custodial and Non-Custodial Parent (if applicable): Submit a signed copy of your parents’ 2022 Federal Income Tax Return with all schedules, attachments, W-2 forms and other earning statements. 2024-2025 FAFSA: The FAFSA will not be available until at least December 2023. Please complete the FAFSA as soon as it is available and submit it directly to Grinnell.
GRINNELL COLLEGE Application Info Post-Match Options Early Decision: Finalists who do not match may apply Early Decision II. The deadline for Early Decision II is January 5. Regular Decision: All Finalists who ranked Grinnell for the Match, but did not match to a binding college will automatically have their applications moved into the Regular Decision process. Please submit an updated transcript showing final grades earned in the fall semester and any relevant updates. 

If you no longer wish to be considered, you must contact the Admission Office to withdraw your application (see Contact Information below).
GRINNELL COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Tuition: $60,988 Room & Board: $15,048 Books & Supplies: $900 Travel: Varies Personal: $1,100 Health Insurance: See below Required Fees: $492 Total: $78,528
GRINNELL COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Grants: $73,528 Student Employment: $2,500 Student Summer Work Contribution: $2,500 Parent Contribution: $0 Student Savings: Varies Student Loan: $0 Total: $78,528
GRINNELL COLLEGE Academic Highlights Students can choose from 28 majors, 17 concentrations, and the opportunity to be an "independent" major. View full list here. The student-to-faculty ratio is 9:1 and the average class size is 17 students. Small classes at Grinnell mean students are never just a number. First-year students enroll in a First-Year Tutorial, where students receive mentoring from their tutorial professor until they declare a major field of study and pick a new advisor from the chosen major field. More than 40% of students complete a Mentored Advanced Project (MAP), where students work closely with a faculty member on scholarly research or a creative project. Pre-professional advising is available for students in the following areas: Architecture, Business, Engineering, Medicine, Law, Librarianship, Religious vocations, Social Work, and Education. Career mentoring begins first-semester of first-year with an exploratory career advisor assigned to each First-Year Tutorial Approximately 55% of students participate in some form of off-campus study both abroad and elsewhere in the United States. QuestBridge Scholars are integral to the vibrant Grinnell College community. All take advantage of opportunities to travel, do academic research, and annually take on leadership positions in and out of the classroom. You can learn more about Grinnell QuestBridge Scholars, and about applying to Grinnell through QuestBridge, here.
