HAMILTON COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Deadline: NOVEMBER 1 Hamilton QuestBridge Supplement: Found on the checklist in your personalized Applicant Portal, this form is completed and submitted online. Official Transcript(s): School counselors should mail, fax, or email a copy of your official transcript(s) to the Office of Admission (see Contact Information below). SAT Code: 2286 ACT Code: 2754 (Optional) Test Scores  Self-Reported or Official Reports: Hamilton offers students the option to apply without consideration of their SAT or ACT scores. Learn more about Hamilton’s test-optional policy. Students who rank Hamilton can indicate whether they would like their standardized testing to be considered in Hamilton’s review of their application. For students who choose to submit testing, please note that Hamilton accepts self-reported test scores for the application process, but official scores (from testing agency, guidance counselor, or on an official transcript) will be required for students who enroll at Hamilton. Any variance between self-reported and official scores may jeopardize a student’s admission decision. Official First Quarter (or Trimester) Senior Grades: School counselors should mail, fax, or email a copy of your first quarter or trimester senior grades to the Office of Admission (see Contact Information below). Hamilton will need to receive the most recently available senior grades before rendering a decision. CSS Code: 2286 2024-2025 CSS Profile: Please select "Early Decision" as your admission application type. 2022 Federal Tax Returns and Forms for Custodial and Non-Custodial Parent (if applicable): Signed, with all schedules, attachments, W-2 forms and other earning statements. Include personal and corporate partnership tax returns. Also include copies of your parents' recent paystubs or other verification of current-year income. FAFSA Code: 002728 2024-2025 FAFSA: The FAFSA will not be available until at least December 2023. Please complete the FAFSA as soon as it is available and submit it directly to Hamilton.
HAMILTON COLLEGE Application Info Post-Match Options Early Decision: Finalists who do not match can apply Early Decision (Round II) to Hamilton. The deadline for Early Decision II is January 29. Regular Decision: All Finalists who rank Hamilton for the Match, but do not end up matching with a QuestBridge partner college will automatically have their applications considered in Hamilton’s Regular Decision selection process. Please monitor your Hamilton portal and be sure to submit your midyear grades and any relevant updates.
HAMILTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Tuition: $65,090 Housing & Food: $16,690 Books & Supplies: $0 Travel: $500 - $1,500 Personal: $500 - $1,000 Health Insurance: $0 Required Fees: $650 Total: $83,430 - $84,930
HAMILTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Grants: $79,930 - $81,430 Federal Work-Study: $2,000 Student Summer Work Contribution: $1,500 Parent Contribution: $0 Student Savings: Varies, approximately 25% of reported assets Student Loan: $0 Total: $83,430 - $84,930
HAMILTON COLLEGE Academic Highlights Hamilton is one of the few U.S. colleges with an open curriculum, which means you’ll have the freedom to choose courses that reflect your interests, while still fulfilling the faculty’s expectation that you study broadly across the liberal arts. You'll be supported by a robust advising program – including an ALEX (Advise, Learn, EXperience) advisor and a faculty advisor – to help you navigate all of the resources, services, and programs available to you. Students choose from 58 areas of study and 45 majors, with special advising for medicine, law, business, engineering and education. The student-to-faculty ratio is 9-to-1, and 74% of classes have 19 or fewer students. Sixty percent of students spend at least one semester studying abroad or off campus. Through independent projects, the Senior Program, and summer internships with faculty members, Hamilton provides an increasing number of opportunities for students to engage in significant research at the undergraduate level. The College has highly regarded academic centers for writing, speaking, and public policy. Ninety percent of seniors had one or more Writing Center conferences during their four years at Hamilton.
