HAVERFORD COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Deadline: NOVEMBER 1 Official Transcript(s): Mail to the Admissions Office (see Contact Information below) or your guidance counselor may e-mail your official transcript to admission@haverford.edu. SAT Code: 2289 ACT Code: 3590 (Optional) Test Scores  Self-Reported or Official Reports: Haverford College offers students the option to apply without consideration of their SAT or ACT scores. Learn more about Haverford’s test-optional policy. Students who rank Haverford can indicate via their Haverford application portal which, if any, scores they would like considered in Haverford’s review of their application. For students who would like to submit test scores, Haverford accepts self-reported test scores, scores reported on official transcripts, or scores verified through counselors. Official scores will be required for students who enroll at Haverford and request that their scores be considered for admission. Official scores will be verified and discrepancies between self-reported scores and official scores may jeopardize your enrollment at Haverford CSS Code: 2289 2024-2025 CSS Profile: Please select Early Action as your admission application type. 2022 Federal Tax Returns and Forms for Custodial and Non-Custodial Parent (if applicable): Signed, with all schedules, attachments, W-2 forms and other earning statements. Include personal and corporate partnership tax returns. Upload all tax documents to the College Board's IDOC service after submitting the CSS Profile. Do not send any tax documents directly to Haverford. FAFSA Code: 003274 2024-2025 FAFSA: The FAFSA will not be available until at least December 2023. Please complete the FAFSA as soon as it is available and submit it directly to Haverford.
HAVERFORD COLLEGE Application Info Post-Match Options Early Decision: Early Decision I: Finalists who do not match may apply Early Decision I to Haverford.  Interested applicants must email Jess Lord, Vice President & Dean of Admission and Financial Aid, at jlord@haverford.edu by December 4 to be considered. Regular Decision: Follow the instructions below to apply through Regular Decision.
HAVERFORD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Tuition: $67,520 Housing & Food: $18,882 Books & Supplies: $1,240 Travel: Varies Personal: $1,962 Health Insurance: See Below Required Fees: $778 Total: $90,382
HAVERFORD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Grants: $86,182 Federal Work-Study: $2,200 Student Summer Work Contribution: $2,000 Parent Contribution: $0 Student Savings: 25% Student Loan: $0 Total: $90,382
HAVERFORD COLLEGE Academic Highlights Students can choose from 40 majors and 21 areas of concentration. View full list here. The student-to-faculty ratio is 9:1.  40% of faculty live on campus. Haverford is one of the very few institutions at which every student will produce a thesis or project during their senior year. This capstone academic experience offers students the chance to develop and execute their own original scholarly work.  Students can receive up to $10,000 in research support through Haverford's academic centers: The Koshland Integrated Natural Sciences Center, The Hurford Center for the Arts and Humanities, and The Center for Peace and Global Citizenship.  Through the Quaker Consortium, students are allowed to take courses at participating neighboring colleges: Bryn Mawr College, Swarthmore College, and the University of Pennsylvania.  Advising is available to students interested in pre-law or pre-health. 40% of students study abroad at some point during their 4 years.  Haverford graduates are engaging with the world in an extraordinary variety of ways. Check out our Beyond Haverford site to learn more.
