JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements Deadline: NOVEMBER 1 Official Transcript(s): An official high school transcript is required. If you did not submit official copies to QuestBridge, your counselor should email them directly to Hopkins at questbridge@jhu.edu Hopkins Supplemental Form: You will be able to submit the Hopkins Supplemental Form through your applicant portal once it is set up. This form is required for all students applying to Hopkins through QuestBridge. SAT Code: 5332 ACT Code: 1704 (Optional) Test Scores   Self-Reported or Official Reports: Hopkins is test-optional for applicants through 2026. CSS Code: 5332 2024-2025 CSS Profile: The CSS Profile is required for all applicants. If your parents are divorced or separated, you and your custodial parent (the parent you live with the most) will complete a CSS Profile together. Your non-custodial parent will also need to fill out their own CSS Profile. 2022 Federal Tax Returns for Custodial and Non-Custodial Parent (if applicable): These forms must be signed, with all schedules, attachments, W-2 forms, and other earning statements, and include personal and corporate/partnership tax returns. FAFSA Code: 00473 2024-2025 FAFSA: The FAFSA is required for U.S. citizens, permanent residents, and eligible non-citizens Students with DACA or undocumented status are not required to complete the FAFSA. If your parents are divorced or separated, your FAFSA should include income and asset information for the parent who provides the greater financial support, even if you do not live with them.
JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY Application Info Post-Match Options Early Decision II: All Finalists who ranked Hopkins for the Match but did not match to a binding college will automatically have their applications moved to Regular Decision. Regular Decision: All Finalists who ranked Hopkins for the Match but did not match to a binding college will automatically have their applications moved to Regular Decision. If you have not already, submit the Hopkins Supplemental Form in your applicant portal to complete your application.
JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Tuition: $62,840 Matriculation Fee: $500 Living Expenses, Housing (On-Campus): $11,400 Living Expenses, Food (21 Meal Plan): $7,792 Books, Course Materials, Supplies, and Equipment: $1,345 Travel (Average): $718 Personal: $1,470 Health Insurance: $0 Total: $86,065
JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Hopkins QuestBridge Scholarship: $83,365 Federal Work-Study: $2,700 Student Summer Work Contribution: $0 Student Savings: $0 Parent Contribution: $0 Student Loan: $0 Total: $86,065
JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY Academic Highlights Learn by Doing: 98% of Hopkins students put their learning into practice through hands-on experiences, like research and internships. Explore New Interests: The flexible curriculum at Hopkins gives students time to explore before choosing a major and allows them to take courses across departments, so they can find topics that capture their curiosity with classmates who are excited to learn together. Develop a Liberal Arts Foundation: Hopkins students benefit from learning foundational abilities like expository writing, scientific reasoning, and quantitative analysis. They build a curriculum that’s uniquely theirs from courses across five academic areas: the humanities, natural sciences, social and behavioral sciences, and quantitative and mathematical sciences. Make Connections Across Disciplines: The intersection of disciplines leads to new ideas because it allows students to see things in a multidimensional way. Whether it’s enrolling in a double major or collaborating with classmates from different areas of study, students ask deeper questions for more effective answers. Build Relationships with Top Faculty: Hopkins' faculty have written groundbreaking books, invented life-saving devices, explored the reaches of the solar system, and received the Nobel Prize. They’re drawn to Hopkins for the opportunity to work with top undergraduate students in and out of the classroom. Through First-Year Seminars and one-on-one mentorship, our students develop meaningful connections and refine their intellectual passions.
