AMHERST COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Deadline NOVEMBER 1
AMHERST COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Senior Grades Please have your school counselor send any available senior year grades to us by email at QuestBridge@amherst.edu as soon as possible so that your application can proceed through the evaluation process. Even if official grades for senior year are not yet available, please have your counselor send us progress report grades to date for each of the classes you are taking this year.
AMHERST COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements SAT Code 3003
AMHERST COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements ACT Code 1774
AMHERST COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements (Optional) Test Scores  Self-Reported or Official Reports Amherst is test-optional. The test-optional policy applies to all applicants - domestic and international - applying for first-year admission. At their own discretion, students may choose to submit SAT/ACT test scores for consideration in the application review process. Once Amherst receives your QuestBridge Application, your required Test Preference Form will be available for you to complete on your Application Status Portal. Amherst will not consider SAT Subject Tests.  Students can choose to submit scores by self-reporting them on their QuestBridge Application or on their Application Status Portal, having them emailed to questbridge@amherst.edu from a high school counselor, or sending them directly from College Board/ACT.  You can learn more about Amherst’s test optional policy here.
AMHERST COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements (Optional) Art Supplements If you would like to include an arts supplement (music, dance, theater, or visual arts) to your application, you may do so through your Amherst Applicant Portal. You can learn more about submitting optional arts supplements here.
AMHERST COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements CSS Code 3003
AMHERST COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements 2024-2025 CSS Profile Please select "Early Decision" or "Regular Decision" as your admission application type.   If your parents are divorced or separated:  Both of your biological/adoptive parent(s) will complete their own CSS Profile. Each parent will access the CSS Profile with different log-in credentials. The non-custodial parent will need to create a College Board account before providing their information. It's highly recommended that the student and custodial parent start the CSS Profile first, as the non-custodial parent cannot submit information until the student selects a school that requires the submission of non-custodial parent information. If you do not have any contact with your non-custodial parent, then you may submit a request to waive the requirement of their financial information. Download the Noncustodial Parent Waiver Petition.
AMHERST COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements 2022 Federal Tax Returns and Forms for Custodial and Non-Custodial Parent (if applicable) Both parents must also submit copies of their 2022 federal tax returns with all schedules, attachments, W-2 Forms, and other earnings statements to IDOC. Include personal and/or corporate and partnership tax returns. Submit the CSS Profile Business/Farm Supplement, if applicable.  Submit directly to IDOC. You will receive information about submitting tax documents to IDOC after completing the CSS Profile.
AMHERST COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements FAFSA Code 002115
AMHERST COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements 2024-2025 FAFSA The FAFSA will not be available until at least December 2023. Please complete the FAFSA as soon as it is available and submit it directly to Amherst by February 1, 2024.  US Citizens and Eligible Noncitizens only. Canadian and other international students do not complete the FAFSA.   To be considered for the federal student financial aid, complete the 2024-2025 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). You will report your 2022 federal tax information on the 2024-2025 FAFSA. Your eligibility for all federal aid will be based on the results of your processed FAFSA.
AMHERST COLLEGE Application Info Post-Match Options Early Decision Finalists who ranked Amherst for the Match and were not matched with a QuestBridge partner school may apply to Amherst College Early Decision.

Students must submit first marking period grades (sent directly from your school to questbridge@amherst.edu, the signed Amherst College Early Decision Agreement Form and the Amherst College Early Decision Supplement to the QuestBridge Application by Wednesday, December 6 by 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time.
AMHERST COLLEGE Application Info Post-Match Options Regular Decision All Finalists who ranked Amherst for the Match, but did not match to a binding college will automatically have their applications moved into the Regular Decision process.

If you no longer wish to be considered, you must contact the Admissions Office to withdraw your application (email questbridge@amherst.edu or see Contact Information below).
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Tuition $66,650
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Housing $9,490
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Meals $8,070
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Books, Course Materials, Supplies, and Equipment $1,000
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Travel $730 (domestic average)
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Personal $2,200
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Fees $630
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Health Insurance See Below
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Total $88,770
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Grants $86,070
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Federal Work-Study $1,800
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Student Summer Work Contribution $900
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Student Savings $0
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Parent Contribution $0
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Student Loan $0
AMHERST COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Total $88,770
AMHERST COLLEGE Academic Highlights Students can choose from 41 programs of study in the humanities, social sciences, arts, and sciences.
AMHERST COLLEGE Academic Highlights The student-to-faculty ratio is less than 7:1, and 85% of classes have fewer than 30 students.
AMHERST COLLEGE Academic Highlights Amherst offers an open curriculum, meaning students aren't restricted by general education requirements or distribution requirements. Amherst students have ownership over their own educational path. 
AMHERST COLLEGE Academic Highlights Through the Five College Consortium, students may access a much wider array of academic, extracurricular, and social resources at neighboring colleges (Hampshire College, Mount Holyoke College, Smith College, and University of Massachusetts at Amherst). 
AMHERST COLLEGE Academic Highlights All incoming first-year students take a First-Year Seminar, choosing from dozens of different topics.
AMHERST COLLEGE Academic Highlights Students have access to research opportunities as early as their first year, across STEM fields, social sciences and the humanities. The Summer Science Undergraduate Research Fellows (SURF) program provides opportunities for Amherst College students to immerse themselves in hands-on, collaborative science research projects over the summer, while the Schupf Fellows Program supports students with stipends for one or two summers of intensive research in the arts, humanities or social sciences.
AMHERST COLLEGE Academic Highlights Through the Meiklejohn Fellows Program, students from families with low incomes and students who are first in their families to attend college have access to funded internship and research experiences, individualized career advising, and many other resources.
AMHERST COLLEGE Academic Highlights Amherst opened a state-of-the-art science research center in 2018.
AMHERST COLLEGE Academic Highlights Roughly 45% of students study abroad. When participating in a study abroad or educational exchange, your family contribution remains the same as if you were studying at Amherst College.
AMHERST COLLEGE Academic Highlights In the past five years, Amherst students and alumni have won 51 Fulbright Scholarships, 5 Watson Fellowships, 9 Goldwater Scholarships, 4 Marshall Scholarships, as well as Truman and Rhodes Scholarships. 
BARNARD COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Deadline NOVEMBER 1
BARNARD COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Barnard QuestBridge Supplement After Barnard has received your National College Match Application, Barnard will email you information about completing the brief Barnard QuestBridge Supplement. The supplement includes brief demographic questions and one short answer question listed below:  Our backgrounds and experiences shape how we navigate the world and see ourselves. Tell us about when, where, or with whom you feel your most authentic, powerful self. How might Barnard College further cultivate this version of you?
BARNARD COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Official Transcript(s) Barnard requires an official high school transcript from all high schools attended. Transcripts uploaded to the QuestBridge application are accepted as official, or your high school counselor can send transcripts directly to the Admissions Office.
BARNARD COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements SAT Code 2038
BARNARD COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements ACT Code 2718
BARNARD COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements (Optional) Test Scores  Self-Reported or Official Reports Barnard has extended their temporary test-optional policy for incoming students starting in Fall 2024. To learn more about Barnard's test-optional policy, please view their website. Students who do not submit testing will absolutely not be penalized in any way.  Students must indicate whether or not they would like scores considered within the Barnard QuestBridge Supplement. If students choose to have scores considered, they should self-report the scores within their Barnard application portal. Students will have until November 4 to self-report their scores within their Barnard application portal or change to test-optional. We will not be able to consider scores submitted after this deadline. Official scores will be required for students who enroll at Barnard and request that their scores be considered for admission.  Students for whom English is not their first language should refer to Barnard's English proficiency testing requirements.
BARNARD COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements CSS Code 2038
BARNARD COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements 2024-2025 CSS Profile Please select Regular Decision as your admission application type.  If your parents are divorced or separated:  Both of your biological/adoptive parent(s) will complete their own CSS Profile with different log-in credentials. It is highly recommended that the student and custodial parent start the CSS Profile first, as the non-custodial cannot submit information until the student selects a school that requires the submission of non-custodial parent information. If the whereabouts of your noncustodial parent are unknown, or if you have extenuating circumstances and you are unable to submit Non-Custodial parent information, please complete Barnard's Non-Custodial Parent Waiver Petition. This form will be available in your Barnard application portal once your QuestBridge application is received. For more information, please review Barnard's Non-Custodial Parent Policy.
BARNARD COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements 2022 Federal Tax Returns and Forms for Custodial and Non-Custodial Parent (if applicable) Barnard requires the following documents from the student and both the custodial and non-custodial parents:  2022 Parent Federal Tax Return 2022 Parent W-2 Forms (if applicable) 2022 Student Federal Tax Return (if you filed a tax return) 2022 Student Non-Filer Certification Form (if you did not file a tax return) 2022 Student W-2 Forms or proof of 2022 income (If applicable)  This includes personal and corporate/ partnership tax returns. Additional documentation may be requested. Please be sure to check your Barnard application portal for the most accurate information.  All documents must be submitted through your Barnard Application Portal. You will receive an email giving you access to the uploading feature after you have completed your CSS Profile. If you have any difficulty submitting documents, please feel free to contact the Office of Financial Aid directly (finaid@barnard.edu).
BARNARD COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements FAFSA Code 002708
BARNARD COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements 2024-2025 FAFSA The FAFSA will not be available until at least December 2023. Please complete the FAFSA as soon as it is available and submit it directly to Barnard.  US Citizens and Eligible Noncitizens only. Complete the FAFSA so Barnard may determine your eligibility for federal financial aid, including the Pell Grant, Federal Work Study, and Federal Direct Student Loans. There is no cost associated with completing the FAFSA.  Undocumented students, even if holding a valid DACA status, do not complete the FAFSA application.
BARNARD COLLEGE Application Info Post-Match Options Early Decision Finalists who participated in and ranked Barnard College for the Match, submitted all required application materials, AND did not match at any partner schools may request to be considered as an Early Decision applicant to Barnard.

Only Finalists with a completed application to Barnard will be eligible to make this request; eligible Finalists will receive additional information following Match notification.

Interested applicants should carefully review Barnard's Early Decision policy, as there is a binding agreement to attend if admitted.
BARNARD COLLEGE Application Info Post-Match Options Regular Decision All Finalists who rank Barnard for the Match, but did not match to a college will automatically have their applications moved into the Regular Decision process. You will not be able to start a new application or make changes to an application that has already been submitted.

If you matched with another college partner, were admitted to a college in Early Decision or do not wish to be considered for regular decision admission, please submit the Application Withdraw Form within your Barnard applicant portal to withdraw your application.
BARNARD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Tuition $64,078
BARNARD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Housing & Food $20,582
BARNARD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Books & Supplies $1,150
BARNARD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Travel $1,070
BARNARD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Personal $1,830
BARNARD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Required Fees $2,218
BARNARD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Total $90,928
BARNARD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Grants $88,428
BARNARD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Federal Work-Study $2,500
BARNARD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Student Summer Work Contribution $0
BARNARD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Student Savings Varies
BARNARD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Parent Contribution $0
BARNARD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Student Loan $0
BARNARD COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Total $90,928
BARNARD COLLEGE Academic Highlights The flexibility of Barnard’s Foundations Curriculum and more than 50 areas of study means that you’ll always find courses and majors that interest you. 
BOSTON COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Deadline NOVEMBER 1
BOSTON COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Boston College QuestBridge Questionnaire After your QuestBridge application has been forwarded to BC, you will receive instructions to complete the Boston College QuestBridge Questionnaire. This questionnaire will ask you BC specific questions, including major of interest. Please note that students applying for the Human-Centered Engineering major will also be prompted to submit an additional essay within the form. This form is required to complete and review your application.
BOSTON COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Official Transcript(s) Please have your high school guidance counselor submit your official transcripts to the Admission Office (see Contact Information below). If your counselor uploaded your transcript as part of your College Match application, you do not need to resubmit it.
BOSTON COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements SAT Code 3083
BOSTON COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements ACT Code 1788
BOSTON COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements (Optional) Test Scores Self-Reported or Official Reports Boston College has adopted a test-optional policy for first year applicants during the 2023-2024 admission cycle. Learn more about BC’s test-optional policy.   Students who are unable to submit standardized test results, or who choose not to, will not be disadvantaged in BC's selection process. In reviewing applications that do not include standardized test results, the Admission Committee will place greater emphasis on other required application credentials including academic performance, rigor of coursework, placement in class, personal statements, recommendations, and co-curricular involvement.  For those students who choose to submit standardized testing results, BC accepts the ACT or SAT and doesn't require any Optional Writing portion. If you submit multiple scores, BC will superscore the tests for their evaluation and they will use the scores as one component in their holistic review of applications. If sending official scores from a testing agency, do NOT use the rush reporting service.  Self-reported scores are only accepted for students applying through the QuestBridge National College Match. Official ACT or SAT score reports are required prior to enrolling at Boston College. If the cost of sending test scores from the ACT or College Board would present a financial burden, your guidance or college counselor may email a copy of your score report to bcapplicant@bc.edu. BC also accepts test scores that are reported on official high school transcripts.  Students who wish to further quantify their academic successes are welcome to submit or self-report non-required credentials such as Advanced Placement scores or predicted IB scores.
BOSTON COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements (Optional) Artistic Portfolio Students who intend to major in Studio Art can submit artistic samples/portfolios through SlideRoom. If not majoring in Studio Art, please highlight any art involvement within the Activities or Additional Information sections of the QuestBridge Application. Students with a background in theater and/or music who plan to be involved in music and theater productions at Boston College are invited to showcase their talents by submitting artistic samples via SlideRoom, regardless of their intended major.  If the submission fee poses a financial hardship, please contact Linda Galvin to request a fee waiver prior to submitting. We are not able to provide a reimbursement after a submission has been received. Materials received via SlideRoom after the November 1 deadline will not be reviewed.
BOSTON COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements CSS Code 3083
BOSTON COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements 2024-2025 CSS Profile Please select "Early Decision" as your admission application type.    If your parents own a business or farm:   • Submit the CSS Profile Business/Farm Supplement  If your parents are divorced or separated:  • Both of your biological/adoptive parent(s) will complete their own CSS Profile with different log-in credentials. It is highly recommended that the student and custodial parent start the CSS Profile first, as the non-custodial cannot submit information until the student selects a school that requires the submission of non-custodial parent information.  • Your non-custodial parent must submit the online Non-Custodial Profile after creating a separate College Board account.  • If you do not have any contact with your non-custodial parent, then you may submit a request to waive the requirement of their financial information. Download the Non-Custodial Parent Waiver Petition from the College Board site.
BOSTON COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements 2022 Federal Tax Returns and Forms for Custodial and Non-Custodial Parent (if applicable) Both the custodial and non-custodial parent must submit copies of their 2022 federal tax returns with all schedules, attachments, W-2 Forms, and other earnings statements. You may securely upload all required documents to the College Board IDOC Site.
BOSTON COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements FAFSA Code 002128
BOSTON COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements 2024-2025 FAFSA The FAFSA will not be available until at least December 2023. Please complete the FAFSA as soon as it is available and submit it directly to Boston College.  US Citizens and Eligible Noncitizens only. Canadian and other international students do not complete the FAFSA.
BOSTON COLLEGE Application Info Post-Match Options Early Decision Finalists who don’t match with Boston College or a binding college partner can be considered for Early Decision II. Finalists interested in this option must submit the Boston College Applicant Verification Form. You must submit this form through the Applicant Status Portal by January 2. 

Note that this is a binding admission process, and you also must complete the Early Decision Agreement, which will be provided to you within your Applicant Status Portal once you confirm that you would like your application to be moved to BC's Early Decision II review process. BC encourages you to review their policy on Early Decision and to contact them by emailing bcapplicant@bc.edu with any questions.
BOSTON COLLEGE Application Info Post-Match Options Regular Decision  All Finalists who rank Boston College for the Match, but did not match to a binding college will automatically have their applications moved into the Regular Decision process. To continue to have your application considered for admission, you must submit the Boston College Applicant Verification Form by January 2 via your Applicant Status Portal. Please have your counselor submit your Midyear Report with an updated transcript (as soon as it becomes available) along with any relevant updates to bcapplicant@bc.edu.

If you no longer wish to be considered for admission at Boston College, please indicate this on the Boston College Applicant Verification form or email bcapplicant@bc.edu to have your application withdrawn.
BOSTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Tuition $66,410
BOSTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Room & Board (Housing & Food) $18,475
BOSTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Books & Supplies $1,250
BOSTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Travel See Below
BOSTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Personal $1,900
BOSTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Health Insurance See Below 
BOSTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Required Fees $1,920
BOSTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Total $89,955
BOSTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Grants $84,655
BOSTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Federal Work-Study $2,900
BOSTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Student Summer Work Contribution $2,400
BOSTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Parent Contribution $0
BOSTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Student Savings 25% of reported assets (See Below)
BOSTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Student Loan $0
BOSTON COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Total $89,955
BOSTON COLLEGE Academic Highlights The Boston College Core Curriculum will serve as the foundation of your educational journey. Innovative, team taught Complex Problems and Enduring Questions courses are a unique and dynamic way to fulfill student requirements.
BOSTON COLLEGE Academic Highlights The student-to-faculty ratio is 10:1.
BOSTON COLLEGE Academic Highlights With a historical commitment to social justice, over 70% of students will participate in either a domestic or international community service or volunteer experience prior to graduation.
BOSTON COLLEGE Academic Highlights As an R-1 Research University, students have a variety of options to engage in undergraduate research within each academic department, either independently or alongside world-class faculty members.
BOSTON COLLEGE Academic Highlights Approximately 50% of each graduating class will have participated in one of more than 200 study abroad programs in 34 countries around the world.
BOSTON COLLEGE Academic Highlights 85% of students engaged in at least one internship during their undergraduate career.
BOSTON COLLEGE Academic Highlights BC students have been selected for prestigious scholarships of impact such as Fulbright Grants, Goldwater Scholarships, Marshall Scholarships, Javits Fellowships, National Science Foundation Fellowships, Truman Scholarships, and Rhodes Scholarships.
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements Deadline NOVEMBER 1
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements BU QuestBridge Questionnaire Once you have activated your MyBU portal account, you will be able to access the Boston University QuestBridge Questionnaire. This questionnaire will ask you questions specific to your BU application, including major of interest. It will not include any additional essay questions. The form is required to complete your application.  Please note that National College Match candidates may not apply to the College of Fine Arts.
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements Official Transcript(s) Please have your high school counselor submit your official transcripts to BU Admissions (see Contact Information below). If your counselor uploaded your transcript as part of your College Match application, you do not need to resubmit it.
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements SAT Code 3087
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements ACT Code 1794
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements (Optional) Test Scores Boston University is a test-optional institution. Students will have the ability to indicate whether they would like BU to consider their standardized test scores when completing the Boston University QuestBridge Questionnaire.  If you choose to submit standardized test scores:  Self-reported scores are accepted for students applying through the QuestBridge National College Match. Official SAT or ACT score reports are required prior to enrolling at Boston University. Your official score reports must be sent to BU directly from the College Board or ACT.  BU superscores both the SAT and ACT. To take advantage of superscoring, BU recommends submitting all your test scores if you take more than one test or take a test multiple times. For both the SAT and ACT, BU will use the highest score of each section, regardless of test date, to best represent you as an applicant. For the ACT, BU will recalculate a new composite score using the highest score from each section, regardless of test date.
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements CSS Code 3087
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements 2024-2025 CSS Profile Boston University Admissions and Financial Assistance use your Social Security number (SSN) to ensure they can correctly match your BU QuestBridge Questionnaire with your CSS Profile, and FAFSA records. If you do not report or incorrectly report your SSN on any one of these three forms, they may be unable to match your records to complete your application.  If your parents are divorced or separated:  Both of your biological/adoptive parent(s) will complete their own CSS Profile with different log-in credentials. It is highly recommended that the student and custodial parent start the CSS Profile first, as the non-custodial cannot submit information until the student selects a school that requires the submission of non-custodial parent information. Your non-custodial parent must submit the online Non-Custodial Profile after creating a separate College Board account. If you do not have contact with your non-custodial parent or have extenuating circumstances as to why you cannot obtain this information, you can request to waive this requirement.
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements FAFSA Code 002130
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements 2024-2025 FAFSA The FAFSA will not be available until at least December 2023. Please complete the FAFSA as soon as it is available and submit it directly to BU.  US Citizens and Eligible Noncitizens
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Application Info Post-Match Options Early Decision Finalists who ranked Boston University for the Match and did not match to a binding college partner may be considered for Early Decision or Early Decision 2. Note that ED and ED2 are binding admission processes. Applicants must complete the Early Decision Agreement, which will be provided within your MyBU portal. You are encouraged to review BU's policy on Early Decision and to contact BU by email with any questions.

Early Decision: Interested applicants must email (see Contact Information below) to indicate they wish to be considered for Early Decision no later than two days after the release of Match decisions.

Early Decision 2: Interested applicants must email (see Contact Information below) to indicate they wish to be considered for Early Decision 2 no later than January 4, 2024.
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Application Info Post-Match Options Regular Decision All Finalists who ranked BU for the Match but did not match to a binding college will automatically have their applications moved into the Regular Decision process. Please submit the Midyear Report when available and any relevant updates.

Please note that your QuestBridge application will remain the application of record. Please do not submit a Common Application in addition to your QuestBridge application.

If you no longer wish to be considered, you must contact BU Admissions to withdraw your application (see Contact Information below).
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Tuition $63,798
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Housing & Food $18,110
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Books & Supplies $1,000
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Travel $630
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Personal $1,455
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Required Fees $1,370
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Health Insurance $0 (See Below)
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Total $86,363
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Grants (including federal and state grants) $84,363
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Federal Work-Study $2,000
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Student Summer Work Contribution $0
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered BU Student Savings $0
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered BU Parent Contribution (the federal SAI must be used to determine your total financial aid) $0
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Student Loan $0
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Total $86,363
BOSTON UNIVERSITY Academic Highlights With a student-to-faculty ratio of just 11:1 and an average class size of 30, students enjoy small class sizes and an intimate academic setting, while having access to the resources of a major research university.
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Deadline NOVEMBER 1
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Official Transcript(s) College counselors should mail, fax or email transcripts to the Admissions Office (see Contact Information below). Ensure that the cover sheet also includes the student's QuestBridge ID number.
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements Testing Preference Selection Bowdoin is a test optional college. To confirm whether you would like Bowdoin to consider your scores in their review, please complete the Testing Preference Selection form available through your Bowdoin Application Portal.
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements SAT Code 3089
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements ACT Code 1636
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements (Optional) Test Scores Self-Reported or Official Reports Bowdoin is a test optional college. Read more about Bowdoin's Test Optional Policy to decide your test plan.  Students participating in the Match process need not submit official scores to Bowdoin College. Students who have ranked Bowdoin in the National College Match will receive access to a Bowdoin specific application portal where they may request suppression or use of their standardized test scores through the Bowdoin supplemental form.   Bowdoin does not require official test score submission at the time of the application. For those submitting test scores, Bowdoin accepts unofficial score reports, scores submitted through the application portal, reported on transcripts, or those provided through college counselors.   For students who are matched with Bowdoin, and who chose to have their test scores used as part of their admissions application, Bowdoin requires an official score report to be submitted after admission. Scores sent from the College Board or ACT, those listed on official transcripts, or those submitted by a school counselor will be considered official.  If you have questions about Bowdoin's test optional policy, please email questbridge@bowdoin.edu.
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements (Optional) Arts Supplement Students interested in submitting an arts supplement (music, theater, dance, or visual art & photography) should look at our Arts Supplement page to learn more about requirements and email questbridge@bowdoin.edu for additional information.
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements (Optional) Video Response Students interested in submitting a video response can learn more about this option on Bowdoin's website. Please complete the video through your Bowdoin Application Portal.
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements CSS Code 3089
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements 2024-2025 CSS Profile Please select “Early Decision” or "Regular Decision" as your admission application type. This required field on the CSS Profile does not impact your aid eligibility at Bowdoin.   Fee waivers may be available from the College Board when you register for the CSS Profile.  If your parents are divorced or separated:  Both of your biological/adoptive parent(s) will complete their own CSS Profile with different log-in credentials. It is highly recommended that the student and custodial parent start the CSS Profile first, as the non-custodial cannot submit information until the student selects a school that requires the submission of non-custodial parent information. If you do not have any contact with your noncustodial parent, then you may submit a request to waive the requirement of their financial information. Download the Noncustodial Parent Waiver Petition.
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements 2022 Federal Tax Returns and Forms for Custodial and Non-Custodial Parent (if applicable) Both the custodial and non-custodial parent only if they are US citizens and Eligible Noncitizens must submit tax forms unless otherwise requested. Signed, with all schedules, attachments, W-2 forms, and other earnings statements. Include personal and corporate/partnership tax returns.  Non-tax filers will use the Non-Tax Filer Statement found on IDOC. Also submit copies of your parents' recent paystubs or other verification of current-year income.  Submit your parents' financial documents directly to Bowdoin using IDOC. You will receive information about IDOC after you submit the CSS Profile.
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements FAFSA Code 002038
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Application Info Match Requirements 2024-2025 FAFSA The FAFSA will not be available until at least December 2023. Please complete the FAFSA as soon as it is available and include Bowdoin’s FAFSA school code as a recipient.  Only US Citizens and Eligible Noncitizens must complete this federal form.
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Application Info Post-Match Options Early Decision Finalists who do not match may apply Early Decision to Bowdoin through either Early Decision I or Early Decision II.

Interested applicants must contact questbridge@bowdoin.edu immediately after December 1 to be considered. The deadline for Early Decision II is January 5. Students must complete the Bowdoin Supplement and complete the Early Decision Agreement. Both forms will become available through the student's Bowdoin specific applicant portal after they have informed Bowdoin of their decision to apply Early Decision. Early Decision is a binding commitment and students will receive an admissions decision in mid-December (Early Decision I) or early February (Early Decision II).
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Application Info Post-Match Options Regular Decision All Finalists who rank Bowdoin for the Match, but did not match to a binding college will automatically have their applications moved into the Regular Decision process.

After mid-December, log in to your Bowdoin Application Portal to review your checklist and complete any missing items.

If you no longer wish to be considered, you must contact the Admissions Office to withdraw your application (see Contact Information below) or withdraw your application through your application portal.
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Tuition $64,304
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Food & Housing $17,690
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Books, Course Materials, Supplies, & Equipment $840
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Transportation Varies
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Miscellaneous Personal Expenses $1,660
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Required Fees $606
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Health Insurance Varies
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Financial Aid Data Costs of Attendance Total $85,100
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Grants $82,900
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Campus Employment $2,200
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Student Summer Work Contribution $0
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Student Savings $0
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Parent Contribution $0
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Student Loan $0
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Financial Aid Data How Costs are Covered Total $85,100
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Academic Highlights Students can choose from 43 majors and 45 minors.
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Academic Highlights The student-to-faculty ratio is 9:1 and the average class size is 16 students.
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Academic Highlights Additional academic advising is available to students pursuing medicine and other health professions. 
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Academic Highlights Over 50% of students choose to study abroad for either a semester or an entire academic year.
BOWDOIN COLLEGE Academic Highlights Students can apply for funded internships, which provide a stipend to pursue interests in fields that can’t always afford to pay interns. Each year, over 150 funded interns receive financial support of $6,000—plus an additional $1,000 for students on aid.
BROWN UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements Deadline NOVEMBER 1
BROWN UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements Brown QuestBridge Questionnaire Once your QuestBridge Application is forwarded to Brown, Brown will email you with instructions to activate your Brown Portal. When you activate your portal, you will be asked to complete the Brown Questionnaire and respond to three Brown-specific short answer questions
BROWN UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements SAT Code 3094
BROWN UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements ACT Code 3800
BROWN UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements (Optional) Test Scores  Self-Reported or Official Reports Brown is test-optional for the 2023-24 application cycle. If this describes your situation, please know that your application will not be disadvantaged in the admission process, and will receive full consideration by Brown's admission committee.   If you do have scores you would like to share, you may request official scores from the College Board and/or ACT. Do NOT use the rush reporting service.  Applicants can satisfy Brown's testing requirements in one of two ways:  The SAT (essay section is optional); OR The ACT (writing section is optional)  If students are not able to submit official test scores, Brown will accept self-reported scores at the time of application, but will require official SAT or ACT scores for students who matriculate.
BROWN UNIVERSITY Application Info Match Requirements CSS Code 3189
